and there we are already at top 5
today , before I get our pot
minecraft conditionally collated and it
Immediately start fifth place
steampunk a project from the great team
You see a small but beautiful one
city ​​which is operated only with steam
theoretically at least on a small scale
mountain romp close to each other proudly
To reach 30 dwellings is the
city ​​over a mighty bridge as well
interesting the huge water wheel
in the middle of the city
the attacking octopus and the
Hot air balloons crossing the city
pull
simply fantastic
place four is occupied by the titanic
by dead koalas at this 1 1 checkered
luxury steamer is a
same image of the 1912 sunken rms titanic
The sinking of the ship at that time is
legendary
also one of the most watched
Hollywood movies is based on this
history
Overall, the titanic is 270 meters long
3 50 meters high 28 meters wide and was
at that time the biggest ever
built cruiser the builder of
minecraft has version of this monster
every detail was taken care of
the four chimneys of the steamers is
available every cabin is single
furnished and also so on each
the smallest detail respected
In addition, the ship is at one
shipping company and is not on the high seas
Interior also exists so many
winding paths since I am right away
whose course took
Only now did I really have one
I know how terrible it was
has to save itself and this
gears to hear as the ship before good
100 years changed
Overall, one can say that this
version of the titanic really
impressive is it will be a right
gives a clear impression like the
sea ​​colossus at the time looked well
Place three occupies the futures city or
also area 73 5 the sfb architect him
built city is like the name already
betrays settled in the distant future
according to developers, construction of the map
Cashier took two years taking her
but only very rarely built
her appear to be as good as the
Secret pixel her account at planet
Minecraft has subscribed to the city
consists of five areas the big one
The island in the middle serves as the main island
and ties in with four other areas
These are found in each case
heavenly direction during the main island
mostly residential building includes
In addition to islands, each of them has a theme
Reinhard island, for example, is here
huge stadium of which a big one
cyborg reduces next to another
apartment island there is still a room
port
that is more in sweden that
building looks like a real island
for fat really out unfortunately this is
not quite finished all in all
we have a state of the art beautiful
city ​​of the future in which I personally
would like to live
but our second place is the
White city ​​minas tirith from the roman
trilogy lord of the rings
she is probably the most important city of the
kingdom who the really good and
seen many times winning film
The fortress is considered a very
impressive building in remembrance
have at least as impressive
is the acquisition implemented in minecraft
Of course, epic rest are
also for fans of the film series and trade
instead of immediately recognized here too
but again on detail loyal hand the
film template respected the fortress exists
out of seven they are wrestling with the huge one
fans be deeply in the middle
perched on top of the top
domination seat of condor apart from
massive walls will continue for the
Safety of the city catered for huge
Towers provide space for bowmen and
other fellows are as well
gigantic catapult attached the the
defense continue to strengthen especially
the third film of triology has
showed what a huge number
soldiers are needed around such a fortress
presumably minas tirith is
one of the most magnificent and safest
cities of the entire fantasy world and
that's exactly what this map deserves
second place
the imperial city project has already started
almost 500,000 downloads in total
have nine minecraft on this project
worked
The city includes all known styles
of the 19th century and the modern age
although probably the classic style prevails
all existing buildings are from the
real world and were only light
changing is particularly impressive
the size of the city itself after
For hours you have exploration
not seen everything for a long time
this is largely due to the fact that
even in dubai with the houses designed
has been
for faster movement
within the city have the builders
a metro network relocated
when looking closer at the city let
to find some interesting things
a huge triumphal arch
industrial district with smoking chimneys
a massive defense system
taken in a mountain range
Lighthouse with a huge ships
residential complex and much much more
the combination of beautiful
impressive structures bundled in
a huge city make the imperial
city ​​to our place one